Add support for default main branch names (#526)
microsoft/beachball: README.md

### --branch, -b

> target branch from origin (default: as configured in 'git config init.defaultBranch')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target branch from origin (default: as configured in `git config init.defaultBranch`)
```
